Absence of proof open cell door.
Accidents can happen, if planned that way.
Action speak louder than French.
Admitting failure like drinking bitter tea.
Advice after mistake is like medicine after dead man's funeral.
A fool and his money never become old acquaintances.
After dinner is over, who cares about spoon?
After wedding bells, prefer no phone bells.
Alas, mouse cannot cast shadow like elephant.
Alibi have habit of disappearing like hole in water.
All cards should repose on table when personal liberty at stake.
All forgotten, like last year's bird's nest.
All foxes come at last to fur store.
All play and no work make Charlie Chan very dull policeman.
Always happens - when conscience tries to speak, telephone out of order.
Always harder to keep murder secret than for egg to bounce on sidewalk.
Always pleasant journey which ends among old friends.
Always prefer to utilize element of surprise, never to be victim.
Always someone about to stick fly in ointment.
Always very hard winter when honorable cheese runs after mouse.
Ancient adage say, "Music soothe savage breast."
Ancient ancestor once say, "As mind is fed with silent thought, so should body absorb its food."
Ancient ancestor once say, "Even wise man cannot fathom depth of woman's smile."
Ancient ancestor once say, "Words cannot cook rice."
Ancient Chinese philosopher say, "Hope is sunshine which illuminate darkest path."
Ancient proverb say. "Never bait trap with wolf to catch wolf."
Ancient proverb say, "One small wind can raise much dust."
Anxious man hurries too fast - often stubs big toe.
Any powder that kills flea is good powder.
Anything can happen in hour's time.
Anything possible.
Appearances sometimes deceiving, like wolf in lamb's clothing.
A soft word does not scratch the tongue.
Assistants should be seen, not heard.
Authors sometimes take strange liberties.
A woman not made for heavy thinking, but should always decorate scene like blossom of plum.
Bad alibi like dead fish - cannot stand test of time.
Bad men leave marks wherever they go.
Bait only good if fish bite on same.
Beauty of poppy conceal sting of death.
Begin at best place - beginning.
Best laid plans of mice and men sometimes go a little bit haywire.
Best place for skeleton is in family closet.
Better a father lose his son than a detective his memory.
Better for Oriental to lose life than to lose face.
Better ten times a victim than let one man go hungry.
Best to slip with foot than with tongue.
Biggest mistakes in history made by people who didn't think.
Biggest mysteries are not always crimes.
Big head is only a good place for very large headache.
Bills sometimes more difficult to collect than murder clues.
Birds never divide worm until safe in nest.
Blind man feels ahead with cane before proceeding.
Blond hair can be obtained from a bottle - or wigmaker.
Boy Scout knife, like ladies' hairpin, have many uses.
British tenacity with Chinese patience like royal flush in poker game - unbeatable.
Buildings can be altered without altering plans.
Bull in china shop is gentle creature compared to detective who make pass at man wearing glasses.
Business conversation at table very bad for digestion.
Canary bird out of cage may fly far.
Canary, unlike faithful dog, do not die for sympathy.
Can cut off monkey's tail, but he is still monkey.
Can fallen fruit return to branch?
Cannot read printing in new book until pages cut.
Cannot see contents of nut until shell is cracked.
Cannot sell bearskin before shooting bear.
Cannot tell where path lead until reach end of road.
Carrying gun very dangerous pastime, sometimes cause great tragedies.
Car with new sparkplug like flea on puppy dog - make both most active.
Cat is like rich man's heir - never dies out of sympathy.
Cat who tries to catch two mice at one time, goes without supper.
Caution sometimes mother of suspicion.
Caution very good life insurance.
Charlie Chan always interested in seeing that innocent do not carry burden of guilty.
Charming company turn lowly sandwich into rich banquet.
Chef who cooks with gunpowder make quick fire.
Chinese people interested in all things psychic.
Chinese funny people; when say "go," mean "go."
Circus performer like detective - must be Johnny-of-many-trades.
Coincidence like ancient egg - leave unpleasant odor.
Cold-blooded murder no joke.
Cold omelet, like fish out of sea, does not improve with age.
Confucius has said, "A wise man question himself, a fool others."
Confucius say, "Luck happy chain of foolish accidents."
Confucius say, "Luck happy combination of foolish accidents."
Confucius say, "No man is poor who have worthy son."
Confucius say, "Sleep only escape from yesterday."
Contents of safe are only secure so long as someone outside watching safe.
Conviction of most dangerous public enemy bring more peaceful sleep.
Cornered rat usually full of fight.
Could not be more clear if magnified by two hundred inch telescope.
Courage greatest devotion to those we love.
Crime never solved by books.
Curiosity responsible for cat needing nine lives.
Dead hands cannot hide knife.
Dead man cannot walk.
Dead men need no protection.
Death, even to deserving, never pleasant.
Death is the reckoning of heaven.
Death one appointment we must all keep, and for which no time set.
Death usually grim.
Deception is bad game for amateurs.
Deer should not toy with tiger.
Desert present many mysteries.
Desert without Indians very safe.
Desire for ocean adventure is ailment very much like hives - give itch to many boys.
Desire to live still strongest instinct in man.
Detective cannot work miracle.
Detective sometime summoned to witness crime.
Detective without curiosity is like glass eye at keyhole - no good.
Disloyalty of husband sometime ample provocation for revenge.
Distance no hindrance to fond thoughts.
Dividing line between folly and wisdom very faint in dark tomb.
Dog cannot chase three rabbits at same time.
Do not challenge supernatural unless armed with sword of truth.
Do not need brass band to commit simple burglary.
Do not tangle foot on fringe of murder.
Do not wave stick when trying to catch dog.
Door of opportunity swing both ways.
Dreams, like good liars, distort facts.
Drop of plain water on thirsty tongue more precious than gold in purse.
Each country's dance most beautiful dance in that particular country.
Each man thinks his own cuckoos better than next man's nightingales.
Easy to criticize, more difficult to be correct.
Elaborate excuse seldom truth.
Empty as Robin's nest in January.
Empty gun can only kill guilty man.
Enemy who misses mark, like serpent, must coil to strike again.
Englishmen mind own business, not always Chinamen.
Envelope, like skin of banana, must be removed to digest contents.
Even bagpipe will not speak when stomach is empty.
Even detective sometimes fall in love...quite often with suspect in murder case.
Even draperies may have ears.
Even if name signed one million times, no two signatures ever exactly alike.
Even melon grown in shade will ripen in the end.
Even wise fly sometimes mistake spider web for old man's whiskers.
Even wisest man cannot answer until he knows question.
Even wisest man sometimes mistake bumblebee for blackberry.
Every bird seek its own tree, never tree the bird.
Every detail most important where murder concerned.
Every fence has two sides.
Every front has back.
Every man must wear out at least one pair of fool shoes.
Every maybe has a wife called Maybe-Not.
Everything grow rapidly in Hawaii.
Executioner merely servant of law.
Experience comes with ripe years.
Experience teach, unless eyewitness present, every murder case is long shot.
Expert is merely man who make quick decision - and is sometimes right.
Eye easily deceived. Same leopard can hide beneath different spots.
Eyes of kitten open only after nine days.
Faces may alter, but fingerprint never lie.
Facts like photographic film - must be exposed before developing.
Faith is best foundation for happy future.
Father who depends on son is happy or foolish according to son.
Favorite pastime of man is fooling himself.
Fear is cruel padlock.
Fear of future is wrong for young people in love.
Features familiar as markings on bad penny.
Finding web of spider does not prove which spider spin web.
Fingerprints very valuable if detective can catch owner of fingers.
Fish in sea like flea on dog - always present, but difficult to catch.
Foolish rooster who stick head in lawn mower end in stew.
Foolish to seek fortune when real treasure hiding under nose.
Free ticket to circus like gold ring on merry-go-round - make enjoyment double.
Fresh weed better than wilted rose.
Friends, like fiddle strings, should not be stretched too tight.
Frightened bird very difficult to catch.
Front seldom tell truth. To know occupants of house, always look in back yard.
Fruits of labor sometimes very bitter.
Glamour boy who jump to conclusion sometimes get hair mussed.
Good detective always look for something unusual.
Good detective never ask "what" and "why" until after he's seen.
Good fishermen, like good merchant, know lure of bright colors.
Good head always gets own new hat.
Good hunter never break twig under foot.
Good hunter never warn tiger of trap.
Good kitchens kill more men than sharp swords.
Good policy to have murderer consider detective dope.
Good tools shorten labor.
Good wife best household furniture.
Goods returned - crime prevented.
Grain of sand in eye may hide mountain.
Great happiness follows great pain.
Greetings at the end of journey like refreshing rain after long drought.
Guest who lingers too long becomes stale like unused fish.
Guilty conscience always first to speak up.
Guilty conscience like dog in circus - many tricks.
Guilty conscience only enemy to peaceful rest.
Guilty mind sometimes pinch worse than ancient boot of torture.
Gun can be made to talk.
Gun does not belong with innocent face.
Habit of being sometimes invisible very useful.
Happiest walk in life of mailman are on holiday.
Happy solution never see light if truth kept in dark.
Hardly worth exhibiting puzzle until more pieces fit together.
Hasty accusation like long shot on horse race - odds good, but chance is doubtful.
Hasty accuse, leisurely repent.
Hasty conclusion easy to make, like hole in water.
Hasty conclusion like gunpowder - easy to explode.
Hasty conclusion like hind leg of mule - kick backward.
Hasty conclusion like toy balloon - easy blow up, easy pop.
Hasty deduction, like ancient egg, look good from outside.
Hasty man could also drink tea with fork.
Have two ears, but can only hear one thing at time.
Hen squats with caution on thin egg.
Hens sit often, but lay eggs.
He who feeds the chicken, deserves the egg.
He who goes into hills after tiger must pay price.
He who squanders today talking about yesterday's triumphs, have nothing to boast of tomorrow.
He who takes whatever gods send with smile has learned life's hardest lesson.
High-powered bullet take shortest distance between three points.
Holiday mood like fickle girl - privileged to change mind.
Hollywood is famous furnisher of mysteries.
Honorable father once say, "Politeness golden key that open many doors."
Honorable father once say, "Politeness golden key to many doors."
Honorable grandmother always say, "Do not think of future - it come too soon."
Hospital is for sick, not playground for healthy.
Hours are happiest when hands are busiest.
Humble presence of no more importance than one drop of rain in cloudburst.
Humility only defense against rightful blame.
Hunch not sufficient evidence to convince jury of guilt.
Ideas planted too soon often like seeds on winter ground - quickly die.
If answer known, question seem unnecessary.
If befriend donkey, expect to be kicked.
If man places self in way of finger of suspicion, must not be surprised if he receive poke in the eye.
If matter not solved, it is will of fate.
If request music, must be willing to pay for fiddler.
If strength were all, tiger would not fear scorpion.
If you want wild bird to sing, do not put him in cage.
If want wild bird to sing, do not put him in cage.
Illustrious ancestor once say, "Destination never reached by turning back on same."
Important events, like insistent alarm clock, demand attention.
Impossible to miss someone who will always be in heart.
Impossible to prepare defense until direction of attack is known.
In China, mahjong very simple; in America very complex - like modern life. 
In darkness, sometimes difficult to distinguish hawk from vulture.
In my business, always expect to find something wrong.
Innocence or guilt must be decided by proper parties.
Innocent act without thinking; guilty always make plans.
Innocent grass may conceal snake.
Innocent man does not run away.
In phraseology of Euclid, X over Y equal proposition still unsolved.
Inquisitive person like bear after honey - sometime find hornets' nest.
Insignificant man has never improved on nature's tonic. 
Insignificant molehill sometime more important than conspicuous mountain.
Intelligent defense of nation best guarantee for years of peace.
Interesting problem in chemistry: sweet wine often turn nice woman sour.
In these troubled times, best to be economical.
Investigation best way to find answer.
It is always good fortune to give alms upon entering city.
It is difficult to pick up needle with boxing glove.
It is fool in hurry who drink tea with fork.
It is not easy to make fire in cold stove.
It is only once in a very long time that man bites own nose.
It is unasked question which prevent sleep.
It takes very rainy day to drown duck.
Journey of life like feather on stream - must continue with current.
Joy in heart more desirable than bullet.
Judge always honorable position.
Justice can be brought to dead men.
Justice, like virtue, brings its own reward.
Justice must be blind to friendship.
Kangaroo reaches destination also by leaps and bounds.
Kindness in heart better than gold in bank.
Kind thoughts add favorable weight in balance of life and death.
Kitchen stove most excellent weapon - good for cooking goose.
Knowledge only gained through curiosity.
Large sugar bowl draws many flies.
Last step ease toil of most difficult journey.
Learn from hen - never boast about egg until after egg's birthday.
Left-handed man always uses left hand.
Leisurely hunter have time to stalk prey, but hunter in haste must set trap.
Lending sympathetic ear to lady in distress is pleasure, not trouble.
Levity is a great cure-all.
Life has been risked for jewels far less valuable than friendship.
Like all detectives, must consider every possibility.
Like cotton wool, filial devotion softens weight of parental crown.
Like last rose of summer, bloom too late.
Little knowledge sometimes very dangerous possession.
Little knowledge sometimes very dangerous thing.
Little things tell big story.
Little things tell story.
Live and learn.
Long experience teach, until murderer found, suspect everybody.
Long journey always start with one short step.
Long road sometime shortest way to end of journey.
Looks sometimes are frightful liar.
Lovers use element of surprise...also criminals.
Magnifying female charms very ancient optical illusion.
Make haste only when withdrawing hand from mouth of tiger.
Making bedfellow of serpent no guarantee against snakebite.
Man can more safely search for gold if world thinks he dig ditch.
Man cannot avoid destiny.
Man has learned much who has learned how to die.
Man in lowly station does not kill self when possessing much money.
Man is not incurably drowned - if he still knows he is all wet.
Man seldom scratches where he does not itch.
Man should never hurry except when going to catch flea.
Man who fears death die thousand times.
Man who fights law always loses; same as grasshopper is always wrong in argument with chicken.
Man who flirt with dynamite sometime fly with angels.
Man who have gun either afraid or have guilty conscience.
Man who improve house before building foundation apt to run into very much trouble.
Man who never leave wheelchair should never wear out shoe leather. 
Man who ride on merry-go-round all the time, sooner or later must catch brass ring.
Man who ride on merry-go-round often enough finally catch brass ring.
Man who ride tiger cannot dismount.
Man who seek trouble never find it far off.
Man who walk have both feet on ground.
Man with ear to keyhole betray excessive curiosity.
Man with gun like lightning - never strike twice in same place.
Man without enemies like dog without fleas.
Man without relatives is man without troubles.
Man yet to be born who can tell what woman will or will not do.
Man's soul is lost who does not grieve the death of faithful servant.
Many contemptible persons in prison.
Many criminals carry knife.
Many strange crimes committed in the sewers of Paris.
Many times ship of reputation wrecked on rock of crime.
Marks left by gun barrel on bullet like fingerprints.
Maybe some people on sea of matrimony wish they had missed boat.
Mere identification of suspect no proof of crime.
Method sometimes hide in madness of practical joke.
Mice only play when cat supposed to be in bed.
Mice will never play so long as cat is in house.
Mind, like parachute, only function when open.
Mistake sometimes bring most fortunate relief.
Mock insanity not always safe alibi.
Modesty most commendable.
Money talks.
Morbid curiosity sometimes draw murderer back to scene of crime.
More than one way to remove skin from cat.
Most fortunate gift to be able to cross bridge to dwelling place of honorable ancestors before arriving.
Most happy to celebrate - even without reason.
Most happy to find man without enemies.
Most mysterious is what mankind does to itself for reasons difficult to understand.
Motive, like end of string, tied in many knots; end may be in sight, but hard to unravel.
Much evil can enter through very small space.
Much fuel tempts men to build fire.
Mud turtle in pond more safe than man on horseback.
Murder case like revolving door - when one side close, other side open.
Murderer always choose weapon he know best.
Murder is one way of discharging dangerous employee.
Murder know no law of "relativity."
Murder not very good joke - quite unfunny.
Murder without bloodstains like Amos without Andy - most unusual.
Must gather at leisure what may use in haste.
Must have patience.
Must not overlook any possibility.
Must repeat old police slogan: "Unusual thing always good clue."
Must turn up many stones to find hiding place of snake.
Necessity drive hard bargain.
Necessity mother of invention, but sometimes stepmother of deception.
Needle can be found when correct thread located.
Nerves make time crawl backward.
Never believe nightmare no matter how real it may seem.
New toot out of old horn.
Night in Bastille not exactly bed of roses.
Ninety-nine times out of hundred, right- or left-handed person turn instinctively toward controlling side.
No barber shave so close but another barber find some work to do.
No experiment is failure until last experiment is success.
No heart strong enough to hold bullet.
No one knows less about servants than their master.
No poison more deadly than ink.
Not always easy to reduce many suspects to one.
Not always wise to accept simplest solution.
Nothing but the wind can pass the sun without casting shadow.
Nothing ever entirely disappear - something always remain.
Nothing is impossible.
No use to hurry unless sure of catching right train.
Numbers cannot control life expectancy.
Nut easy to crack often empty.
Obstructing justice is very serious crime.
Obvious clues, like tricks of magic, usually prove deceptive.
Ocean have many fish.
Officer of law cannot escape long arm of same.
Often round-about path to correct destination.
Old Chinese proverb say, "Hsing zhong kong zhu, yuan hsua wu tu." ("When fear attack brain, tongue wave distress signal.")
Old English adage say, "Give man plenty rope, will hang self."
Old excuse, like ancient billy goat, has whiskers.
Old proverb says, "Strange laws make even more strange bedfellows."
Old solution sometimes like ancient egg.
Once you have large family, all other troubles mean nothing.
One at a time is good fishing.
One cloud does not make storm, nor one falsehood criminal.
One enemy one too many.
One grain of luck sometimes worth more than whole rice field of wisdom.
One man with gun have more authority than whole army without ammunition.
One ounce of experience worth ton of detective books.
One picture still worth ten thousand words.
One scholar in family better than two detectives.
Only a very sly man can shoot off a cannon quietly.
Only facts and motives lead to murderer.
Only foolish dog pursue flying bird.
Only foolish man waste words when argument is lost.
Only foolish mouse plays with cat.
Only make haste when catching flea.
Only one enemy necessary to commit murder.
Only very brave mouse makes nest in cat's ear.
Only very clever man can bite pie without breaking crust.
Only very foolish mouse make nest in cat's ear.
Opinion like tea leaf in hot water - both need time for brewing.
Opportunity will never knock again.
Optimist only sees doughnut, pessimist sees hole.
Owner of face cannot always see nose.
Patience and a mulberry leaf become a silk shawl.
Patience are virtue one must hug to bosom.
Patience big sister to wisdom.
Patience lead to knowledge.
Patience - must harvest rice before can boil it.
Patience very lovely virtue.
People who have gone beyond cannot harm you.
People who listen at keyholes rarely hear good of themselves.
Perfect case, like perfect doughnut, has hole.
Perhaps better to let cat out of bag than drown same.
Perhaps good idea not to accept gold medal until race is won.
Person who ask riddle should know answer.
Photograph does not lie.
Players sometime disregard even most expert coaching from sidelines.
Police always dare to tell truth.
Police do not read Emily Post.
Police in New York and Honolulu have one thing in common - both live on very small island.
Practical joke sometimes disguise for sinister motive.
Praise in any language very sweet.
Precaution much safer than daring.
Prefer not to walk across before coming to bridge.
Pretty girl, like lap dog, sometimes go mad.
Problems rarely wait for clearing weather.
Punch in ribs more desirable than shot in back.
Puppy cannot fool old dog.
Puzzle always deepest near the center.
Question without answer, like faraway water, no good for nearby fire.
Questions are keys to door of truth.
Rabbit run very fast, but sometime turtle win race.
Race not always won by man who start first.
Remember kind hearted elephant who tried to help hen hatch chickens.
Remember old saying: "Earthquake may shatter the rock, but sand upon which rock stood still right there in same old place." 
Revenge and profit two of oldest motives for murder and robbery.
Reverence for ancestors most commendable.
Rising generation sit too much.
Role of dead man require very little acting.
Roots of tree lead in many directions.
Roses in romance like tenor in opera - sing most persuasive love song.
Sea voyage good for health.
See Paris, die happy.
Shady business do not make for sunny life.
Sharp wit sometimes much better than deadly weapon.
Ship with too many pilots sometimes have difficulty reaching port.
Shot in dark sometime find eye of bull.
Silence best answer when uncertain.
Silence big sister to wisdom.
Silence is golden - except in police station.
Silent witness sometime speak loudest.
Sitting man must hold mouth open very long time before roast goose flies in.
Size of package does not indicate quality within.
Skeletons in closets always speak loudest to police.
Sleep sometime very difficult thing.
Slippery man sometimes slip in own oil.
Small flower receive blessing of rain with thanks.
Small investigation sometimes brings large amount of knowledge.
Small things sometime tell large stories.
Small things sometimes tell very large stories.
Smart fly keep out of gravy.
Smart rats know when to leave ship.
Snooping very dangerous business.
Soap and water never can change perfume of billy goat.
So many fish in fish market, even flower smell same.
Some heads, like hard nuts, much better if well cracked.
Someone once say, "Out of mouths of babes come wisdom."
Sometime jewel found in ashes.
Sometime solution to murder problem does not require scandal.
Sometimes beneath eyes that weep are teeth that laugh.
Sometimes better to see and not tell.
Sometimes black magic very close to blackmail.
Sometimes dull stone makes very sharp knife.
Sometimes hope becomes scarce as midnight rainbow.
Sometimes human tissue tell more than human lips.
Sometimes most essential clue very difficult to find.
Sometimes muddy waters, when stirred sufficiently, bring strange things to surface.
Sometimes must strike innocent to trap guilty.
Sometimes quickest way to brain of young sprout is by impression on other end.
Sometimes sad world. Baby cries when born, and often life proves baby right.
Sometimes, surgeon's scar speak louder than fingerprints.
Sometimes tears from woman very happy sign.
Sometimes very difficult to pick up pumpkin with one finger.
Sometimes very small cloud hide sun.
Sometimes witness things without realizing importance.
So much for so much.
Soothing drink, like summer shower, bring grateful relief.
So seldom brains and beauty dance in street together.
Spider does not spin web for single fly.
Spirits always have very long way to come.
Spirits cannot kill.
Story of man very short: life, death. Am reminded of ancient sage, Confucius, who write, "From life to death is reach of man."
Strange events permit themselves the luxury of occurring in strange places.
Surprise attack often find enemy unprepared.
Surprised detective might as well clutch iron ball and dive in lake.
Suspect everyone on general principle.
Suspicion is only toy of fools.
Suspicion, like rain, fall upon just and unjust.
Suspicion often father of truth.
Swelled head sometimes give police more cooperation than criminal mistake.
Talk cannot cook rice.
Talk will not cook rice.
Tearing hands suggest torn heart.
The geese who laid the eggs deserve the credit.
The ignorant always loud in argument.
The impossible sometimes permits itself the luxury of occurring.
The law is honest man's eyeglass to see better.
Theories like fingerprints...everybody has them.
Theory like mist on eyeglasses - obscures facts.
There is an old saying: "Mother know best."
There is old saying: "Death is a black camel that kneels unbidden at every gate."
There is old saying: "Good wife's place should be at mate's elbow in time of trouble."
The smallest jewel is sometimes brightest.
Though loved one seem to be taken away, remain always near.
Thoughts are like noble animal - unchecked, they run away causing painful smash-up.
Thousand friends too few.
Tiger going away from village is never feared.
Time and analysis will tell.
Time bomb without electric arteries cannot speak.
Time covers and discovers everything.
Time only wasted when sprinkling perfume on goat farm.
Timid man never win lottery prize.
Tired man's idea sometimes very much like child's nightmare - easily dispelled by bright light of day.
To conceal oneself from law is like trying to hide in bird cage.
To describe bitter medicine will not improve its flavor.
To destroy false prophet, must unmask him before eyes of believers.
To know forgery, one must have original.
Tombstones often engraved with words of wisdom.
Tongue often hang man quicker than rope.
Too late to dig well when honorable house is on fire.
Too many hands sometime spoil pudding.
Too much familiarity breed carelessness.
To one who kill, life can suddenly become most precious.
Too soon to count chickens until eggs are in nest.
To speak without thinking is to shoot without aiming.
To study Eskimo or African Pigmy, anthropologist must make their home his home.
To think is one thing, to have proof is another.
Triangle very ancient motive for murder.
Trick sometimes necessary in order to trap criminal.
Trouble, like first love, teach many lessons.
Trouble with modern children, they do not smart in right place.
Trust must be shared.
Truth cannot be insult.
Truth is only path out of tangled web.
Truth, like football - receive many kicks before reaching goal.
Truth like oil - will in time rise to surface.
Truth sometimes like stab of cruel knife.
Truth speak from any chair.
Truth win more friendship than lies.
Two ears for every tongue.
Ugliest trade sometimes have moment of joy. Even gravedigger know some people for whom he would do his work with extreme pleasure.
Under strong general there are no weak soldiers.
Unfortunate profession make detective suspect innocent with guilty.
Unhappy news sometimes correct self next day.
Unknown danger like summer lightning - strike when least expected.
Unloaded gun always cause most trouble.
Unwise officer who eat apple not yet ripe get official tummy ache.
Useless talk like boat without oar - get no place.
Useless to sprinkle salt on tail of time.
Very difficult to believe ill of those we love.
Very difficult to estimate depth of well by size of bucket.
Very difficult to explain hole in doughnut, but hole always there.
Very easy to read mind when clue like rag on sore thumb.
Very few after-dinner speeches equipped with self-stopper.
Very old Chinese wise man once say, "Madness twin brother of genius because each live in world created by own ego. One sometime mistaken for other."
Very wise know way out before going in.
Voice from back seat sometime very disconcerting to driver.
Wages of stupidity is hunt for new job.
Waiting for tomorrow waste of today.
Way to find rabbit's residence is to turn rabbit loose and watch.
What detective needs is great patience.
What is to be is to be.
Wheel of fate has many spokes.
When alibi pushed at me, always suspect motive in woodpile.
When all players hold suspicious cards, good idea to have joker up sleeve.
When death enters window, no time for life to go by door.
When Chinese emperor have eight suspects of murder, he solve problem very quickly...chop off eight heads - always sure of getting one criminal. 
When friend asks, friend gives.
When money talk, few are deaf.
When pilot unreliable, ship cannot keep true course.
When player cannot see man who deal cards, much wiser to stay out of game.
When prepared for worst, can hope for best.
When searching for needle in haystack, haystack only sensible location.
When weaving nets, all threads counted.
Wherever one is not, that is where heart is.
Willingness to speak not necessarily mean willingness to act.
Wisdom is strong lever to pry knowledge loose.
Wise man has said, "Beware of spider who invite fly into parlor."
Wise philosopher once say, "Only foolish man will not acknowledge defeat."
Wise precaution to accept "applesauce" with large pinch of salt.
Wishful thinking sometimes lead to blind alley.
With proper lever, baby's fingers can move mountain.
Woman's heart is like a needle at bottom of sea.
Woman's tongue like sword that never gets rusty.
Words of welcome freeze when friend appears troubled.
Would be greatest blessing if all war fought with machinery instead of human beings.
Would much prefer to wait a few moments more to soar with eagle rather than rush to fly with fledgling sparrow.
X-ray machine most useful for seeing where eye cannot reach.
Young bird must learn to fly.
Young brain, like grass, need dew of sleep.
Youth tonic for old blood.
